hello and welcome to the art of cooking
today we are going to make goombas
eating or compiled chicken as it is
known in the West now as you might
notice there is actually no vegetables
in this dish
well that's because this version is
actually the original citron version
which uses chicken as its primary
ingredient the characteristics of this
dish is tender chicken crispy peanuts
with a combination of numbing spicy
sweet and sour sauce let's prepared by
starting the sauce first T tablespoon
plus one teaspoon of sugar 1 teaspoon of
salt some rice wine one and a half
tablespoon of soy sauce and 1/4 teaspoon
of salt this is optional 2 teaspoon of
chili oil one teaspoon of hot pepper
powder or chili powder this is optional
1/4 cup or 60 milliliter unsalted
chicken stock or water and start also
another additional ingredient 2
tablespoon of black vinegar do not mix
it with the sauce 3 clothes or 1
tablespoon of minced garlic 1 tablespoon
of minced ginger
top three spurts of green onions
separate the white part from the green
part the green part will be used as a
garnish while the white part will be
used for cooking cut 12 to 15 dried
chilies in half if you like extra spicy
cut the seeds with it otherwise discard
it prepare the chicken thigh trim away
the fats and cut the thickest part of
the thighs and a half this will ensure
the thighs cook evenly next cut the
chicken into strips approximately 1 inch
or 2.54 centimeters then cut it into
bite-size pieces now if you don't want
to use thighs you can use breasts as
well you can also use shrimp beef pork
doesn't have to be chicken so now it's
time to marinade here are 14 ounce or
400 grams of chicken pot 1/4 teaspoon of
salt 1 tablespoon of soy sauce 1 tbsp
salt shame rice wine or regular rice
wine mix until all the liquids absorb
once all the liquids are absorbed add in
one tablespoon of cornstarch and mix
until there is no powder so it should
look like this
once it's like this add in half a
tablespoon of oil and mix this oil will
actually prevents it from sticking to
the wok so when you cook it it separates
easily next let's prepare the slurry
mixture 1 teaspoon of potato starch plus
one teaspoon of water now let's get
cooking in a wok or pan add in 2 tbsp of
oil turn the fire to the lowest setting
add in about 1/4 to 1/3 TSP of Sichuan
peppercorn I didn't Drudge Lee's sautee
the chilies for about 15 to 20 seconds
or until fragrant add in the chicken and
spread that leg out because it's getting
hot in here turn the heat to medium
setting and let it cook for about 30
seconds before flipping the chicken over
ladies and gentlemen as you have
observed despite the low heat the
chicken didn't stick to the wok
that's because of the oil that we put in
the marinade cook the other side for
about 20 seconds then add in the green
onions garlic and ginger and stir fry
for about 20 to 30 seconds
I didn't the sauce and let it cook in
the sauce for about 20 seconds at this
point the chicken is about 60 to 70%
cooked because we cut it small and
relatively thin the time to cook the
thighs is around 3 minutes no more than
4 minutes at this point adding this
luring mixture and mix until it's
thickened once this thickens turn off
the heat and add in 1/2 cup or 75 grams
of roasted peanuts mix until the peanuts
are well combined with the sauce lastly
with the fire off add in the black
vinegar and quickly mix the reason we
add the vinegar at the last stage of
cooking with the fire off is because we
don't want to lose the city of the
vinegar if you added with the other
sauce you basically cook away the city
of the vinegar by the way just FYI when
I use wok for stir frying
I always heated the wok until it's hot
then turn off the fire and add in cold
oil the wok actually is still hot but
cold enough that doesn't actually burn
the food wha at the same time producing
a nonstick surface oh one more thing I
forgot to mention
after you infuse the
peppercorns flavor into the oil you may
want to remove the peppercorns from the
oil unless you want to piss someone off
then leave them in there which I did and
I pissed my brother off that's what
brothers are for
thank ins for watching and I hope you
enjoyed this tutorial please like fav
subscribe and leave a comment below
thank you